README.md, before:

# First App by bigpro 
## Roster: Carrie Ko (Back-end/Front-end), Ethan Saldanha (Back-end), Owen Zeng (Project Manager), Amy Shrestha (Front-end)
**Description**: This website is a wiki, meaning it's a community run encyclopedia for the greater good. Anyone can access its various webpages containing community posts (like a QAF) by searching for a desired topic through a navbar, however users must be registered to create or edit any webpages. Logged in users will have access to a profile page, containing some personal information along with access to any webpages they've created or edited.

## Install guide
1) Clone the repo into a local directory:
```
git clone https://github.com/Owen-Zeng/bigpro_amy_carrie_ethan_owen.git
```  
2) Enter the app directory:
```
cd bigpro_amy_carrie_ethan_owen/
```  
3) Install necessary modules:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```  

## Launch codes
1) Run the app through Flask:
```
flask run
```
2) Open the website at website:
```
http://127.0.0.1:5000
```

Commit message:

update summary of website, can change it i lowk did a bad job
Updated project description to reflect new functionality and user interactions.

README.md, after:

# First App by bigpro 
## Roster: Carrie Ko (Back-end/Front-end), Ethan Saldanha (Back-end), Owen Zeng (Project Manager), Amy Shrestha (Front-end)
**Description**: This website is a place where users can read, write, and contribute to different stories. A user must sign up to edit stories and stories they've contributed to will be visible on their homepage. When editing a story, the user can only see the most recent edit as reference and once a user has edited a story, they cannot edit it again. Users are also able to browse through created stories and read them for their own enjoyment.
## Install guide
1) Clone the repo into a local directory:
```
git clone https://github.com/Owen-Zeng/bigpro_amy_carrie_ethan_owen.git
```  
2) Enter the app directory:
```
cd bigpro_amy_carrie_ethan_owen/
```  
3) Install necessary modules:
```
pip install -r requirements.txt
```  

## Launch codes
1) Run the app through Flask:
```
flask run
```
2) Open the website at website:
```
http://127.0.0.1:5000
```
